[WC-2206] Fix column issue for dg2 in design mode (#830)
mendix/web-widgets: packages/pluggableWidgets/datagrid-web/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> -   We fixed an issue where it was not possible to select column in design mode by clickin on column row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   We fixed an issue where it was not possible to select a column in design mode by clicking on the column row.
```
